Finding that purple gold grass will cure the poison in my body
Indeed, it's just that this purple gold grass grows on Lingyun Peak
This Lingyun Peak is also the place of Elder Lin Nian
Not easy to handle
Take a look. Take a look.
The ugly monster of Cloud Shadow Peak is here
I think it's lovely.
Xiangying Peak
Why are you two at the foot of my Lingyun Peak?
Could it be that you changed your mind and wanted to worship my master as your teacher?
Forget that neck
You are not allowed to scold my master
Am I wrong?
You, you, Jiang Bailian are born trash
Even a few elders can't teach you the Tao Dharma
Finally, I threw it to Elder Linggu, and I competed against you
Also match
Junior brother, give it to me, oops.
Do you have to go against me?
I have already worshipped his master as my teacher
I have to protect my sister
One waste protects another waste
You have to oppose me Ling Yunfeng
I don't want to fight anyone
Just trying to protect the people I care about
Junior brother beat them to death for me